‎In chapter 17, we learned
‎about Gog’s attack
on Jehovah’s people.
‎We’re grateful
that Jehovah has warned us
‎about what
the coalition of nations will do.
‎But that’s not the end of the story.
‎Ezekiel’s prophecy goes on to tell us
‎what will happen
to this enemy of pure worship.
‎Chapter 18
of the Pure Worship book is entitled
‎“My Great Rage Will Flare Up.”
‎That title comes from Ezekiel 38:18:
‎“‘On that day, the day when Gog
invades the land of Israel,’
‎“declares the Sovereign Lord Jehovah,
‎‘my great rage will flare up.’”
‎As we study this thrilling information,
‎look for these key points:
‎What provokes Jehovah’s great rage?
‎Why will his enemies not have valid cause
‎to be surprised when he unleashes his wrath?
‎When will Jehovah’s rage flare up,
‎and how will he express it?
‎Just think:
‎During the great tribulation just ahead,
‎pure worshippers
will witness something truly spectacular
‎—how Jehovah will stand up for his people
‎and sanctify his holy name.
‎May this chapter move you
to do all you can
‎to promote pure worship now.